Remove root module. (#73)
terraform-google-modules/terraform-google-iam: docs/upgrading_to_iam_5.0.md

# Upgrading to IAM 5.0

The 5.0 release of IAM is a backward incompatible release.
The top-level interface was removed entirely in favor of using the specific
resource submodules directly.

## Details

When using the root module in 4.0 you would have to specify additional
resource-specific variables, e.g. `projects_bindings`, `folders_bindings` etc
as follows:

```hcl
 module "iam" {
   source  = "terraform-google-modules/iam/google"
   version = "~> 4.0"

   projects = ["project-123456"]

   projects_bindings = {
     "roles/storage.admin" = [
       "serviceAccount:a-service-account@cft.tips",
     ]
   }

   pubsub_topics_bindings = {}
   pubsub_subscriptions_bindings = {}
   storage_buckets_bindings = {}
   subnets_bindings = {}
   subnets_region = ""
   organizations_bindings = {}
   kms_crypto_keys_bindings = {}
   kms_key_rings_bindings = {}
   service_accounts_bindings = {}
   folders_bindings = {}
 }
```

## Upgrade Instructions

The 5.0 release has deprecated the root module, so you should switch to a

> specific submodule, where settings defaults for *_bindings variables is dropped:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
specific submodule, where setting defaults for *_bindings variables is not required:
```

Author: fixed
